Prevent NVDA freeze when brailling math with certain Unicode characters (#20320)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* Fixed NVDA freezing when navigating in JetBrains IDEs. (#16741, @christopherpross)
* Speech dictionary entries of type Whole word now correctly handle words containing Unicode combining marks (e.g. Hebrew niqqud, Arabic harakat). (#20013, @LeonarddeR)
  * In particular, Whole word entries no longer incorrectly match inside larger words when those words contain combining marks.

> * Fixed NVDA freezing when MathCAT panics while brailling MathML containing certain Unicode math characters. (#20319, @AAClause)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a case which could cause NVDA to freeze while reading math in braille. (#20319, @AAClause)
```
